fix typos (#1311)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: administration/backpressure.md

When (default) `storage.pause_on_chunks_overlimit` is disabled, the input will not pause when the memory limit is reached. Instead, it will switch to only buffering logs in the filesystem. The disk spaced used for filesystem buffering can be limited with `storage.total_limit_size`.

> Please consult the [Buffering & Storage](buffering-and-storage.md) docs for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Buffering & Storage](buffering-and-storage.md) docs for more information.
```
